Did You Do Anything That Could Have Been Misinterpreted?
Was There Alcohol Involved?
Did You Say Anything Back?
You're Making My Life Harder
Why'd You Stay With Them?
If You Didn't Want An STD, You Shouldn't Have Had Unsafe Sex
You Need To Be More Assertive
She Cares Too Much About Her Looks
Too drunk to remember 
What was the date, time and duration of the incident or behavior?
How many times did this happen?
Do you know anyone else who can shed light on this incident?
Is there anything else you want to tell me that I haven’t asked you?
Are you aware of any other complaints by this person?
Did you say no?
What were you wearing?
Did you just change your mind?
Did you like it?
Were you under the influence of drugs or alcohol?
Why did you say you were raped when you were dating them?
How many times have you been raped?
Why did you not tell anyone immediately?
Why did you not report it?
Do you get flashbacks often?
Do you regret putting yourself in that position?
Did you tell someone because you wanted attention?
Did you consider suicide?
Have you considered suicide?
Have you thought about seeing a therapist?
Why did you not tell me? Did you not trust me?
Do you still have sexual relations with people?
Was it your first time having sex?
Are you sure you were raped?
Do you serve men?
Do you serve nonbinary people?
Do you serve trans people?
Can you recount the situation and tell me what happened and to be as specific as possible?
Did you enjoy it?
Once sexually aroused, men can,t control their behaviour
Don't dress too sexy!
Don't walk along at night.
Don't drink too much!
Did you encourage?
Did he refused first?
Did you stopped initially?
what were you doing at that time?
What were you doing there?
Where is the last place you would ever go? What are you completely over and done with?
What is the most unusual fear you have?
Is there something left to say?
Were you drunk that day?
Were you supposed to be there?
They can’t tell their story the same way twice.
She went back to him after he raped her.
They are married, so it couldn’t have been sexual assault.
Look what they were wearing—they were clearly asking for it.
Look what they were drinking—they were clearly asking for it.
Look what they were doing—they were clearly asking for it.
She was clearly asking for it.
Guys always want sex—there’s no way it was rape.
She went back to his place after flirting with him at a party, what did she expect?
The district attorney dropped the case.
The district attorney dropped the case.
They retracted their statement.
They couldn’t have been raped because they’ve had sex with a lot of people.
What were you thinking going there?
What were you thinking wearing that?
What were you thinking drinking so much?
Well, that wasn’t very smart.
What did you expect would happen?
You should have been more careful
Did you even fight back?
she deserved it
is it fair?
she should be ashamed
she should die
why didn't she just leave?
Why didn’t she just leave if she was really being abused?
Why didn’t she report it to the police?
She’s obviously looking for attention.
She’s obviously looking for fame.
She’s obviously looking for money.
She’s obviously looking for retribution.
Did you ask for it?
Maybe she asked for it.
It was her choice.
